d. reducing time quantum for round robin to help its performance wrt fcfs

yes(RR better performance):
reducing time quantum reduces the waiting time for a task to first receive
cpu time, improving initial response time (responsiveness)

RR with smaller TQ can ensure the shorter processes receive CPU resources more 
frequently, preventing them from being starved by longer processes 

no(RR worse performance):
reducing time quantum increases the amount of CPU time spent by the OS performing context
switching, reducing 

e.Do you think a CPU-bound (CPU-intensive) process should be given a higher priority 
for I/O than an I/O-bound process? Why?



0600
6-owner
0-group
0-others

4-read
2-write
1-execute

6=4+2

Expected Final Value=n×(nChild+1)
./shm 1000 3   


Higher n Value:
With a higher value of n, the chances of race conditions increase, as multiple processes are trying to access and modify the shared memory concurrently.
The final result might be affected by the order in which the processes execute.

Race Conditions:
Due to the lack of synchronization mechanisms (e.g., locks or semaphores),
there may be situations where processes read and write to the shared memory 
simultaneously.
Race conditions can lead to unexpected results, and the final value may vary 
between runs.


Race conditions can still occur even on a single-core processor due to the 
interleaved execution of processes and threads. While only one process may
be actively executing at any given moment on a single core, the operating 
system can still switch between processes rapidly, leading to interleaved 
execution.

Here's a simplified explanation of how a race condition can occur:

Process Switching: Even on a single-core processor, the operating system can 
switch between different processes.

Interrupts: Interrupts, such as timer interrupts or I/O interrupts, can cause 
the operating system to temporarily suspend the execution of one process and 
switch to another.

Shared Resource Access: If multiple processes share a common resource (such
as shared memory in your case), and they do not use proper synchronization
mechanisms, there is a possibility of race conditions.